Wang Leyao, why are you here?
Why can't you see it?
Of course we're here to choose a wedding dress
How did you end up like this?
Oh, dear.
And my haute couture
If you delay my wedding
If you don't give me four or five million, I don't think your wedding dress hasn't been ordered yet.
Who said it wasn't booked out?
Did you tell him to hand me this wedding dress?
That's right. That's right.
Is this wedding dress Miss Wang's?
What do you mean?
Isn't this on a first-come, first-served basis?
Go, go, what's the matter with you here?
Get out of here
Who are you not? How can you help this young woman speak?
You won't let him help me?
This wedding dress has not been ordered at all
Even if you want to lose money, you can't lose it.
What nonsense
I'm here to buy a wedding dress today
I like this wedding dress first
Although it got dirty on the ground
But I'm not that caring
Wrap it up for me right now
No country woman will steal a wedding dress from me
Husband, I want that wedding dress
Do as my wife says
Otherwise, I will dismantle your Liu Shao, and this wedding dress is of course yours.
Poor diaosi must have the consciousness of poor diaosi
The two steel flap in your hand are also suitable for stealing wedding dresses from Liu Shao and Miss Wang
cut
I'll tell you one last thing.
I'll take this dress